### comer_results.xlsx

Here are nine tables named "XXX_A". XXX takes "number", "matching" and "violation", representing the number of test cases, the pairs of test cases matching the metamorphic relations and the pairs of test cases violating the metamorphic relations respectively. A takes 2, 3 and 4, representing 2, 3 and 4 dimensions respectively.  For each table, we counted 30 sets of experimental data  for approaches COMER, CT and tri-MCT.

For example, in table "number_2", the first line represents the number of test cases generated in Schedule for COMER scenarios, from (1, C) to (1, AF) for 30 sets of experiments.



### source_comer_results.xlsx

Result of Source_COMER. This table has the same format with comer_results.xlsx.

### time_abstract.xlsx(In milliseconds)

There are three tables that store the time of 30 groups of abstract test cases generated by COMER and Source_COMER in dimension 2, 3, and 4 respectively  

For example, in Table "2", the first line shows that Schedule took 68256ms and 58385ms to generate 30 sets of abstract test cases under COMER and Source_COMER methods, respectively. 

### time_concrete.xlsx(In milliseconds)

There are three tables that store the time of 30 groups of concrete test cases generated by COMER and Source_COMER methods in dimension 2, 3, and 4 respectively  

For example, in Table "2", the first line shows that Schedule took 745.26047706604 ms and 244.45438385009766ms to generate 30 sets of concrete test cases under COMER and Source_COMER methods, respectively. 

### featuresOfMR.xlsx

The first table, called parameter, records the three main features of MRs. Take Schedule as an example, there are two MRs. The Source Generate value of the first MR is 1/36, the Follow Generate value of the first MR is 1/36, and the Output Match value of the first MR is 5. The meanings of the three feature values are explained below：

- Source Generate：Given one MR, the percentage of the test cases that can be treated as source test cases among all the possible test cases.

- Follow Generate：Given one MR, the percentage of the test cases that can be treated as follow-up test cases among all the possible test cases.

- Output Match：Given one MR, the degree of the difficulty that its output rule can be satisfied. In this study, the degrees of the difficulty are classified into 5 main levels (from easy to difficult)：

  1) The “unequal” relation between two outputs with single values .

  2) The “equal” relation between two outputs with single limited values, e.g., enumerated type.

  3) The “equal” relation between two outputs with a set of limited values.

  4) The “equal” relation between two outputs with single unlimited values (e.g., float number) .

  5) The “equal” relation between two outputs with a set of unlimited values.

Other tables named "matching_A" and "violation_A" have similar meanings to result.xlsx (A takes 2, 3 and 4, representing 2, 3 and 4 dimensions respectively) , except that the statistics here distinguish between the different MRs. For example, in table "matching_2", the first row counts the number of pairs of test cases matching the Schedule's first MR, and the second row counts the number of pairs of test cases matching the Schedule's second MR.

### PercentExp.xlsx

For each source test case, the probability is 50 percent for COMER and Source-COMER to generate a follow-up. Result of different percents have been tried and record in this.

Here are six tables named "XXX_A". XXX takes "number" and "violation", representing the number of test cases and the pairs of test cases violating the metamorphic relations respectively. A takes 2, 3 and 4, representing 2, 3 and 4 dimensions respectively. The first column of these six tables is the percent that the experiment select. The last tables named "conclusion" summarizes the number of test cases and the number of faults found. 